chore(README): update with messaging (#2633)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud: README.md

## 📚 Reference Documentation

wasmCloud uses some terminology you might not be familiar with. Check out the [platform overview](https://wasmcloud.com/docs/concepts/) section of our docs for a deeper dive.

---

## RPC Framework (wRPC)

wasmCloud uses [wRPC](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wrpc), [Component-native](https://component-model.bytecodealliance.org/) transport-agnostic RPC protocol and framework based on [WebAssembly Interface Types (WIT)](https://component-model.bytecodealliance.org/design/wit.html) to enable seamless communication among the host runtime, components, and providers. wRPC is a [Bytecode Alliance](https://bytecodealliance.org/) hosted project.

---

## Wasm-native Orchestration & Declarative Deployments

The **w**asmCloud **A**pplication **D**eployment **M**anager [wadm](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wadm) is a Wasm-native orchestrator for managing and scaling declarative wasmCloud applications. Applications are defined using the [Open Application Model](https://oam.dev/) format.

---

## Language Support & SDKs

> wasmCloud supports any language that supports the [WebAssembly Component Model](https://component-model.bytecodealliance.org/language-support.html). Right now, we provide first-class examples in [Rust](./examples/rust/), [Go](./examples/golang/), [Python](./examples/python), and [TypeScript](./examples/typescript/). If your language isn't supported yet, let us know with the [language support form](https://share.hsforms.com/1cedPVcwwQd6dQePZ3BWccQccyup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wasmCloud is compatible with any language that supports the [WebAssembly Component Model](https://component-model.bytecodealliance.org/language-support.html). We provide first-party examples in [Rust](./examples/rust/), [Go](./examples/golang/), [Python](./examples/python), and [TypeScript](./examples/typescript/). If your language isn't listed yet, let us know with the [language support form](https://share.hsforms.com/1cedPVcwwQd6dQePZ3BWccQccyup).
```
